Hey, we want to make a website for the Sora to invite code sharing community, in that what it will be like, we will generate, I mean, there will be an admin panel, where many functionalities there will be for sharing the, for uploading all the invite codes, that are already available, like we will start with admin panel, I mean, add 4 codes at starting, and there will be a dashboard to show how many codes are there, and we can see the codes, we can read the codes, we can see more information about the code, invite codes, and there should be many things with the admin dashboard, many things, many and many things, and what the user will see is the dashboard, where the user can,Request for a code, but only after verifying that he is a human, for that we will use a ReCAPTCHA if possible. After verifying through the reCAPTCHA, the user will be given a code very securely from the available database, and after giving the code, the user will get the code. There will be option to copy the code and when the code is copied, then the software will know that the code is copied for use, but the software does not yet know that the code has been used and the code validity has been expired or is it used. So, the software will take it as it is being used or has been used and it will be sent to the verify field like the admin will re-verify that the codes that are shown to the user are actually being used or are not used by the user. And when the user has been given the code, the user will be shown a screen where he or she or the user will have to enter the four codes that are generated after he has used the invite code. As you know, after each user login, each user gets more four codes in their profile button and invite button. So, the user will be prompted to give the four codes in the four fields there. So, the user has to provide it and will provide. So, there should be four fields. Then after the user has provided the four additional codes, then he can submit them and a thank you note and everything will be shown to him. And in the back end, there will be all the, like Neon, PostgreSQL will be used also. Amazon S3 bucket can be used and all the Amazon AWS services can be used. We will use Amazon services also if possible, if needed. Then we can use PostgreSQL from Neon database configuration to make it possible. And all the admin features to do everything and everything will be there. This thing and fully make this website fully detailed.